# movie-ticket
The project is all about how Machine Learning algorithm recommend what is the next movie that you might want to watch by using the Recommender System. This approach not only can be implemented for movie contents, but also for other digital objects chosen distinctively for each user, for instance, books, web pages, music, messages, products, dating preference, and of course, movies that have been widely executed by several companies to improve their customer experience within their digital platforms.

There are three types of recommender systems that will be implemented in this project, which are:
Demographic Filtering offers users with similar demographic background the similar movies that are popular and well-rated regardless of the genre or any other factors. Therefore, since it does not consider the individual taste of each person, it provides a simple result but easy to be implemented.
Content Based Filtering consider the object’s contents, in movie case, it would be the actors, directors, description, genre, etc. therefore, it will give users the movie recommendation more closely to the individual’s preference.
Collaborative Filtering focuses on user’s preference data and recommend movies based on it through matching with other users’ historical movies that have a similar preference as well and does not require movies’ metadata.

This dataset contains 2 sets of files, which are Credits file and Movies file. The Credits file has the size of 38MB with 4 features, which are, movies’ ID, titles, the cast members’ name (on-screen members), and the crew members’ name (backstage members). On the other hand, with the size of 5.4MB, Movies file contains more features, namely, the movies’ budget, genre, homepage, ID, keywords, original language, original title, production companies, production countries, release date, revenue, runtime (in minutes), status (released or rumored), tagline, title, average vote, and vote’s count.
